wolves seem content to spend their time
patrolling the shoreline
[Music]
and they find a dead sea lion that has
washed up onto Shore
[Music]
the whiter wolf is the old grandmother
of the pack her teeth aren't strong
enough to chew through the tough rubbery
hide as this younger wolf is starting to
do
for now the old wolf must scavenge the
beach for smaller prey wolves use howls
to communicate when they find food they
alert the other pack members to the
discovery the abundance of food from the
ocean means that these sea wolves can
survive on just sixty square kilometers
whereas wolves inland can range well
over a thousand this is a real bonanza
for them many kilos of fat rich meat and
it will feed the pack for a week or more
eventually even the old grandmother wolf
gets her chance to feed the younger pack
members have peeled back the hide and
the heat from the Sun has softened the
carcass so she's able to eat her fill
you